With the changes we implemented, we added lot of useful things. Now I want to focus on my action creator
for adding places and optimize the code here a little bit.
It works but the error handling can be better or to be precise, there's some cases where we could run into
that ends.
I briefly showed how to possibly handly errors in the http section,
now one problem you might have is that
here with the catch block chained after a fetch request here, this only catches network errors,
so this does not catch 400 or 500 error codes.
Therefore we reached this then block
even if the previous request failed due to a server error.
So what we can do is, we can for example not immediately return response.json here but instead we can
check if res
ok, that's a little helper property to tell us if the response was
ok and then we can return response.json
otherwise
we could for example throw a new error which will trigger the next possible catch block.
Now we won't get into this then block if it failed
instead this catch block would take care and the same pattern can of course be used in the second then block
here,
there we also can use this better approach of making sure we only get there or we only get into this
then block if we really did succeed.
Now that's a tiny improvement but one which really can help our app to make sure we're not running code
which would then of course also fail but running code on something that well doesn't make a lot of sense.
So I'll actually copy this pattern here and use it in my other places too
and you could outsource this into a separate function or something like this,
I deliberately use the more verbose way to be really clear about what's happening here.
And with that, our final catch blocks which we always have at the end here are able to catch errors
we get due to well 400 or 500 responses. The same of course can be used in the auth file where we also have
fetch requests, there
if we fail on a fetch request, we probably also want to make sure we don't continue
though here I always had a check to make sure we only continue if we did get a token,
so no real need to do it here I guess because we already handle errors differently here. But I wanted
to share it especially for the places. This is an improvement,
the app would have worked before too, we wouldn't have done anything with the errors, we would have gotten
into another error
but this is a better way of handling it.
So now we save this, let's see if our app still works, for one here if we find places,
we still do,
if we delete a place this also still works and if we share a new place,
this also works. So with that, we optimized our catch blocks a little bit.